Discovery-Server-Docs [#5886 ] (#1)
eProsima/Discovery-Server-docs: docs/installation.rst

| eProsima/Fast-CDR:         | https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-CDR.git         |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+
| eProsima/Fast-RTPS:        | https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-RTPS.git        |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+
| eProsima/Discovery-Server: | https://github.com/eProsima/Discovery-Server.git |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+
| leethomason/tinyxml2:      | https://github.com/leethomason/tinyxml2.git      |
+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+

We also assume that the user wants to keep the build, log and installation files in a separate directory called
**[BUILD]**. If this is not the case, flag **--base-paths [SOURCES]** can be ignored in what follows.

.. _`fast RTPS`: https://eprosima-fast-rtps.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _colcon: https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/
.. _CMake: https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/
.. _python: https://www.python.org/
.. _tinyxml: https://github.com/leethomason/tinyxml2.git

Installation steps

> ==================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
******************
```
Installation steps at the same level than Dependencies, don't think so?

Discovery Server supports the same platforms supported by fast RTPS: windows, linux and Mac. We proceed to detail each
platform specifics.

Linux setup steps
-----------------

Valid placeholders for the linux example may be:

+---------------+----------------------------------------+
| PLACEHOLDER   |             EXAMPLE PATHS              |
+===============+========================================+
|[SOURCES]      | /home/username/Documents/colcon_sources|
+---------------+----------------------------------------+
|[BUILD]        |/home/username/Documents/colcon_build   |
+---------------+----------------------------------------+

1. Create directory **[BUILD]** where we want to keep the build, install and log compilation results.

> 2. Compile using the colcon tool. Choose the build configuration by declaring CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE as Debug or Release.

Reviewer 2: This is said in the sentence below.

|\[SOURCES\]    |  C:\Users\username\Documents\colcon_sources|
+---------------+--------------------------------------------+
|\[BUILD\]      | C:\Users\username\Documents\colcon_build   |
+---------------+--------------------------------------------+

1. Create directory **[BUILD]** where you want to keep the build, install and log compilation results.

2. If your generator (compiler) of choice is Visual Studio, launch colcon from a visual studio console. Any console
   can be setup into a visual studio one by executing a batch file. For example in VS2017 is usually:

.. code-block:: text

   C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\Community\Common7\Tools\VsDevCmd.bat

3. Compile using the colcon tool. If you are using a multi-configuration generator like Visual Studio we recommend to
   build both in debug and release modes:

.. code-block:: bat

    [BUILD]> colcon build --base-paths [SOURCES] --packages-up-to discovery-server --cmake-args -DCOMPILE_EXAMPLES=ON -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug
    [BUILD]> colcon build --base-paths [SOURCES] --packages-up-to discovery-server --cmake-args -DCOMPILE_EXAMPLES=ON -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release

> If you are using a single configuration tool just make above call with your configuration of choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a single configuration tool just make the above call with your configuration of choice.
```

4. In order to run the tests in a multi-configuration generator like Visual Studio use the following command:

.. code-block:: bat

    [BUILD]> colcon test --base-paths [SOURCES] --packages-select discovery-server --ctest-args -C Debug

> here --ctest-args allows you to specify the configuration (Debug or Release) of interest (names are case sensitive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, `--ctest-args` allows specifying the configuration (Debug or Release) of interest (names are case sensitive).
```

If you are using a single configuration tool this flag has no effect, as only the test matching the build (step 3)
configuration would run.

> 5. In order to run the example, navigate to directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In order to run the example, navigate to the directory
```

   **[BUILD]**\\install\\discovery-server\\examples\\HelloWorldExampleDS\\bin and run the executable,

>    running first the configuration bat file located within install folder in order to set required environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   running first the configuration bat file located within the install folder to set required environment variables:
```
(Avoid repeat locutions like "in order" in the same phrase).

.. _`Fast RTPS`: https://eprosima-Fast-RTPS.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _colcon: https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/
.. _CMake: https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/
.. _python: https://www.python.org/
.. _tinyxml: https://github.com/leethomason/tinyxml2.git

Installation steps
******************

Discovery Server supports the same platforms supported by Fast-RTPS: Windows, Linux and Mac. We proceed to detail each
platform specifics.

Linux setup steps
-----------------

Valid placeholders for the Linux example may be:

+---------------+----------------------------------------+
| PLACEHOLDER   |             EXAMPLE PATHS              |
+===============+========================================+
|[SOURCES]      | /home/username/Documents/colcon_sources|
+---------------+----------------------------------------+
|[BUILD]        |/home/username/Documents/colcon_build   |
+---------------+----------------------------------------+

1. Create directory **[BUILD]** where we want to keep the build, install and log compilation results.

2. Compile using the colcon tool. Choose the build configuration by declaring CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE as Debug or Release.

>    In this example we've chosen Debug which would be the choice of advance users for debugging purposes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In this example we have chosen Debug which would be the choice of advance users for debugging purposes:
```
